we all know the big reasons that we
don't perform major cosmetic surgery on
our vehicles our time and money case in
point this is a 2006 Acura and if you
get down here to the front corner and
you take a look you can see we've got
some pretty good scrapes and gouges
right here and that's in there pretty
good now here's the scenario you can
take this car to the body shop and
they'll take the bumper off and they'll
sand it all down and fill it in paint it
hang it back on there for you but what's
that going to cost I don't know five
hundred dollars maybe a little less
maybe a lot more I have no idea that is
where the daily driver series comes in
we can actually fix this ourselves and
spend a fraction of the time and a
fraction of the money because also think
about this when it's at the body shop
you don't have your car right it's your
daily driver and you don't have it
that's going to cost you more money as
well we're going to fix these issues
right here with a couple products some
dupli-color we're going to use the
filler primer and the perfect match
paint when you're doing a job like this
there's a couple different things you
want to do to make sure that you get it
done right first and foremost it's very
important to get the right color of
paint and that's easy to do because the
dupli-color products are all tied into
the OEM paint codes from the
manufacturers in fact are the only ones
that are approved by the manufacturers
so that you get that perfect match all
you need to do is go onto dupli-color
comm and you can find the perfect match
for your vehicle that way you know you
have the right color then I came in here
and I taped off the area and isolated
the spots that I wanted to fix right and
we hit that with the wax and grease
remover and got it good and clean then
we came in to wear these little gouges
are and I'm going to lightly scuff this
whole area but I really want to pay
attention to the areas that are deep
like right here there's one right here
and one over here so I'll get these
ready to go and then we'll get
everything good and clean and we're
ready to apply some paint first I needed
to spray some filler primer over those
Nicks and chips that I mentioned then I
sanded that down to get a flat surface
after that I applied three coats of
dupli-color perfect match waiting ten
minutes in between coats
I waited thirty minutes for all that to
cure before spraying the clear coat on
for added gloss and protection but to
really make it look great and wet sanded
the area starting with 800 grit paper
and working my way to 2,000 grit then I
buffed the whole thing out and you can
see the results it looks great and
matches up
rest of the car and this bumper looks
brand-new and guess where we didn't have
to go the body shop that's what this
whole daily driver series is all about
so for more information about perfect
match or to get your vehicle's paint
code be sure to check out dupli-color
website
you